---
layout: post
author: West Boudreaux
---

This lab proved to have some difficult areas for me to complete. As I went through it initially in class I was not having much difficulty, it made sense to me reading along adn following the tutorials steps. However, after stepping away from the project for close to a week and then trying to jump back in, I was making some mindless mistakes. The easiest parts for me were the slight alterations to code in order to add new fields and the subsequent changes neccisary to make them appear on the page. When I was creating my own version for step two I messed up big time when creating my first model. I forgot to end the file name with ".cs" and it created a long list of problems for myself in the future. This is where I faced the most challenging part of the project. When trying to build the scaffolding it could not find the page I was telling it was there because I had provided the wrong file type. I did not figure the issue out for at least two hours and was trying all kinds of things to remedy the problem. Finally, after two restarts I was being mindful to be more diligent in my following of the steps and I caught my error. In hind-sight it is kind of silly that it was such a minor mishap that lead to so much struggle. I can definetly see the similarities between this kind of framework and Jekyll in that they both reference other files to access information. They both use a handful of interwoven bits to make the whole thing come together in a relatively straigh-forward way. A key difference I found was that Razor doesn't really have a whole type of layout formatting thing that Jekyll has for example with this blog post at the top of my screen I have the "layout: post" text to tell the program how to structure this markdown file. At the end of the day, I definetly do feel comfortable with making another Razor application and expanding it to be more usefull including more models and larger databases, as well as making it more appealing to look at. Here is the link to my <a href= "https://github.com/WestBoudreaux-Hendrix/csci340lab8">GitHub</a> repo for lab 8. 